this is another bub Superbowl tradition
this every year at the Super Bowl they
have what is known as media days and the
reporters all go out on and they get a
chance to talk with all the players all
at once so once again the MVP of this
event was our own Guillermo Guillermo
this is one here he is Guillermo
tackling the tough questions at Super
Bowl media day 2019
[Music]
hi it's meteor I'm here in Super Bowl
III I guess I'm gonna go talk to players
follow me I'm about to interview
well the Musco good I think
hey mister soon you look a little bit
hungry I've made you some scones over
here I appreciate it but I'm gonna pass
a diet hey I make a present for you okay
and I want you to sign it for me okay
turn your head and go I love it can you
sign it for me sure yeah are you upset
that you have to work in the weekends
that's really only with the only time
when we do work oh yeah Yanis yeah then
you can pay overtime for that I should
we don't what I should
hey coach bill I make I make you a
present
look I know you don't like it sleeve so
this is for you I'm gonna wear that
Sunday too
I promise you promise yeah all right
I'll send you a picture on snap face you
put it out there why are you so better
good-looking and now other coach I
didn't say that you did if you won
picking you up after a Super Bowl this
what is your mom picking you up I think
she is I think and then my dad might
have to go buy a pack of beer for me
because I'm not old enough to be able to
do that a mr. Aaron if you guys win the
Super Bowl what fast food do you think
Donald Trump will serve to you guys
would you do service I can't see it
hopefully stay you love to win a Super
Bowl no Tom Tom I'm making this pillow
[Music]
how are you want hey Tom how are you can
do that again what's up yeah I'm making
this pillow I want you to sign it for me
I'll sign it for you absolutely are
those hearts for me there's a lot of us
beautiful
yeah Guillermo every night I might put
my head in the pillow makes me feel so
warm inside thank you I love you what am
i hiding that beard I got a huge pimple
on my chin hey you want to touch my
monster and I Tasha beautiful good lovin
Sunday it's a Mexican tradition it will
be 2018 we don't know there's no
touching here no yes I think before I
say we're better he's a virgin are you
one of those folk and he used to play
football how you want to look clearer
than that version I can't speak on it
he's a bachelor and used to play for an
NFL and he's a virgin I are you a virgin
yeah cuz my mama was yeah I yeah well
now I got two kids oh so I can't save it
hey you have a book I read your book yes
alright
and there's a funny quote here okay and
I want to read it to you yes okay say I
didn't go to college just to party with
hot chicks is that true
you wanna you want to read the next nine
as I said I went to Arizona so that I
could play football right away as a
freshman and go to the NFL baby that's
wrong get on the Jimmy Kimmel show and
make worm on my best friend
I eat aren't mo you know how to spell
yeah just a funny watching alright thank
you Ron Ron what do you think is gonna
win the Oscar Green Book Oh Bohemia Ron
see I'm probably prima Remsen yeah why
cuz I see it on Apple TV as the first
movie to choose for her okay
hey you want some of my club chowder but
it might come chatter harmik helmet
why did that wide receiver tell the
football what did the wide receiver tell
the football I catch you later hey I
play your diet but it didn't work well
how's that cotton candy is that in that
is that in the book today my cheat day
not that not my cheat day hey Tom we
meet you would come every year and we
build this friendship I think I deserve
a hug here for your Grammy and I tell ya
I'll give you a hug you know with
business relationship every year and so
he gave me hostage
it's all so so nice so sweet he made my
day
it was better than sex guys
[Applause]
[Music]
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies